WebAIM - Web Accessibility In Mind

services
articles
resources
projects
community

Search: 
Submit Search

Introduction to Web Accessibility

WebAIM Training

We have web accessibility in mind
Expanding the potential of the web for people with disabilities by empowering individuals and organizations to create accessible content.

Accessibility Training
WebAIM can provide web, document, Zoom, and strategic accessibility training to fit your needs.

Technical Assistance
Need assistance implementing accessibility? WebAIM's expert staff can provide the assistance you need.

Accessible Site Certification
As a respected third party accessibility expert, WebAIM can evaluate and document the accessibility of your site.

Evaluation and Reporting
We can provide reports to help you know how accessible your site is and how to make it better.

Community
WebAIM Blog
Newsletter
E-mail Discussion List
Twitter

Current Features

The WebAIM Million - 2022 Update
An automated WAVE analysis of the home pages for the top one million web sites shows widespread accessibility issues.

Read the WebAIM Million report

Web Accessibility Evaluation Guide
A guide to using free tools—including WAVE—to conduct a comprehensive web accessibility evaluation.

Web Accessibility Evaluation Guide

Screen Reader User Survey #9
The results of WebAIM’s 9th Screen Reader User Survey are now available. These data provide insight into the preferences and technology usage of screen reader users.

Read the survey results

Archive of featured items…

WebAIM Trainings

Document Accessibility Online Course
Enrollment open for July cohort
Web Accessibility Virtual Training
June 29–30 and August 24–25
Online

Zoom Accessibility Workshop
July 12
Online

WebAIM Activities
John Slatin AccessU
May 7–12

ICT Accessibility Testing Symposium
May 18–19

University of Guelph Accessibility Conference
May 24–26

Web Accessibility in Mind Conference
September 7–8

©2022 WebAIM
Institute for Disability Research, Policy, and Practice
Utah State University
6807 Old Main Hill
Logan, UT 84322-6807
435.797.7024

Check Your Accessibility
Web site address: 
 
From the Blog
Flexbox and the Screen Reader Experience
Tips for Accessible Screen Sharing
The WebAIM Million - 2022 Update
Introducing the Accessibility IMpact (AIM) Score and Other WAVE Updates

Popular Resources
WebAIM Training
WCAG 2 Checklist
WebAIM Monthly Newsletter
Color Contrast Checker
Web Accessibility for Designers
WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool

Contact About RSS Feeds Twitter Copyright & Terms of Use